README.md, before:



https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122528914/231983341-a00d1379-63bc-4b1d-8b11-68abe5f7b0ce.mp4




First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

add the description and tech stack

README.md, after:

# The Marvel Movie App
Welcome to the GitHub repository for the Marvel Movie App! This app is designed to provide Marvel fans with a user-friendly interface to access and discover information about their favorite films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

> Final project for neue Fische Web Dev Bootcamp

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122528914/231983341-a00d1379-63bc-4b1d-8b11-68abe5f7b0ce.mp4

## Description

The Marvel Movie App allows users to find details about each Marvel movie, such as the plot. The app also includes a rating feature that enables users to save their opinions about the films.

### Features

- Information on all Marvel movies
- User rating system
- Movie search function
- Favorites functionality


![The Marvel Movie App (1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122528914/231984459-074024fb-b69a-4ddd-b117-0541e424a816.png)

## Demo

You can find the hosted version here: [Marvel-Movie-App](https://marvel-movie-app.vercel.app/)

## Tech Stack

- React
- Next.js
- Node.js
- MongoDB Atlas
- React Testing Library
- Styled Component
- useSWR

Feel free to explore the code and contribute to the project. Enjoy using the Marvel Movie App!
